DBSQL 0.2.2: (March 10, 2007)

This is version 0.2.2 of DBSQL.

To view the release and installation documentation, load the distribution
file docs/index.html into your web browser.

This work started from the SQLite project (found on the web at
http://www.sqlite.org/).  SQLite and all contributions to the SQLite
project have been placed in the public domain by its author, Dr. Richard Hipp.
There was no assertion of copyright at all on the code I used as a starting
point for my work.  In fact there are statements that explicitly disclaim
copyright.  I am asserting copyright on this work, DBSQL.  I believe
that if you examine the extent to which I've changed, updated, and
modified the SQLite code you'll respect my copyright assertion.  This
is a new product, heavily inspired by another.

The goal for DBSQL is to provide a small SQL92 relational database layer
on top of the Berkeley DB database.  Berkeley DB is copyright Oracle
Corporation (formerly Sleepycat Software, acquired in Feb 2006) and
licensed under the Sleepycat Public License.  That license is compatible
with the GPL for open source use.  Recognize that you, as someone using
DBSQL, will need to review the Sleepycat License and the GPL before you
use and redistribute your incorporating work.  It is your responsibility
to comply with those licenses as I am in my work on DBSQL itself.  My
motivation on a personal level is quite simple, I am in product management
these days and not in the code itself.  I believe that product managers
should be engineers at heart with an ability to understand business,
politics, and software sales and support.  This is my playground to keep
my engineering skills sharp enough to speak fluent geek.  As a former
engineer at Sleepycat I understand and value the Berkeley DB programming
infrasture, design, and methodologies and I have liberally copied and
reused them in this project to improve SQLite in ways that I hope will
be of value to open source users out there.  I did this because I see the
value of SQLite to its userbase, it is a perfect example of the 80/20
rule and the KISS method and I admire those qualities in software.  My
hope is that the Berkeley DB database engine will provide some significant
features that SQLite cannot such as replication for high availability
while remaining small enough to live comfortably inside applications,
services, and devices.

Information and resources pertaining to DBSQL can be found at dbsql.org.

Commercial licenses without the restrictions found in the GPL can be
purchased for this product.  See http://dbsql.org/wiki/CommercialUse

